com/amazon/ata/kindlepublishingservice/KindlePublishingClientException.java
 com.amazon.ata.kindlepublishingservice.KindlePublishingClientException
com/amazon/ata/kindlepublishingservice/publishing/BookPublisherTest.java
 com.amazon.ata.kindlepublishingservice.publishing.BookPublisherTest
com/amazon/ata/kindlepublishingservice/mastery/mt1/design/MasteryTaskOneDesignTests.java
 com.amazon.ata.kindlepublishingservice.mastery.mt1.design.MasteryTaskOneDesignTests
com/amazon/ata/kindlepublishingservice/publishing/NoOpTaskTest.java
 com.amazon.ata.kindlepublishingservice.publishing.NoOpTaskTest
com/amazon/ata/kindlepublishingservice/helpers/KindlePublishingServiceTctTestDao.java
 com.amazon.ata.kindlepublishingservice.helpers.KindlePublishingServiceTctTestDao
 com.amazon.ata.kindlepublishingservice.helpers.KindlePublishingServiceTctTestDao$CatalogItemVersion
 com.amazon.ata.kindlepublishingservice.helpers.KindlePublishingServiceTctTestDao$KindlePublishingServiceTctTestData
 com.amazon.ata.kindlepublishingservice.helpers.KindlePublishingServiceTctTestDao$PublishingRecordStatus
 com.amazon.ata.kindlepublishingservice.helpers.KindlePublishingServiceTctTestDao$PublishingStatusItem
com/amazon/ata/kindlepublishingservice/helpers/IntegrationTestBase.java
 com.amazon.ata.kindlepublishingservice.helpers.IntegrationTestBase
com/amazon/ata/kindlepublishingservice/publishing/KindleFormatConverterTest.java
 com.amazon.ata.kindlepublishingservice.publishing.KindleFormatConverterTest
com/amazon/ata/kindlepublishingservice/utils/KindlePublishingUtilsTest.java
 com.amazon.ata.kindlepublishingservice.utils.KindlePublishingUtilsTest
com/amazon/ata/kindlepublishingservice/converters/BookPublishRequestConverterTest.java
 com.amazon.ata.kindlepublishingservice.converters.BookPublishRequestConverterTest
com/amazon/ata/kindlepublishingservice/helpers/ExecuteTctSuiteRequest.java
 com.amazon.ata.kindlepublishingservice.helpers.ExecuteTctSuiteRequest
com/amazon/ata/kindlepublishingservice/helpers/TctResult.java
 com.amazon.ata.kindlepublishingservice.helpers.TctResult
com/amazon/ata/kindlepublishingservice/helpers/TctSuiteReport.java
 com.amazon.ata.kindlepublishingservice.helpers.TctSuiteReport
com/amazon/ata/kindlepublishingservice/mastery/mt1/design/MasteryTaskOneSequenceTests.java
 com.amazon.ata.kindlepublishingservice.mastery.mt1.design.MasteryTaskOneSequenceTests
com/amazon/ata/kindlepublishingservice/helpers/SubmitBookForPublishingHelper.java
 com.amazon.ata.kindlepublishingservice.helpers.SubmitBookForPublishingHelper
com/amazon/ata/kindlepublishingservice/clients/RecommendationsServiceClientTest.java
 com.amazon.ata.kindlepublishingservice.clients.RecommendationsServiceClientTest
com/amazon/ata/kindlepublishingservice/helpers/ExecuteTctSuiteResponse.java
 com.amazon.ata.kindlepublishingservice.helpers.ExecuteTctSuiteResponse
com/amazon/ata/kindlepublishingservice/helpers/TctIntrospectionTest.java
 com.amazon.ata.kindlepublishingservice.helpers.TctIntrospectionTest
com/amazon/ata/kindlepublishingservice/helpers/TctId.java
 com.amazon.ata.kindlepublishingservice.helpers.TctId
com/amazon/ata/kindlepublishingservice/converters/CatalogCoralConverterTest.java
 com.amazon.ata.kindlepublishingservice.converters.CatalogCoralConverterTest
com/amazon/ata/kindlepublishingservice/dao/PublishingStatusDaoTest.java
 com.amazon.ata.kindlepublishingservice.dao.PublishingStatusDaoTest
com/amazon/ata/kindlepublishingservice/activity/SubmitBookForPublishingActivityTest.java
 com.amazon.ata.kindlepublishingservice.activity.SubmitBookForPublishingActivityTest
com/amazon/ata/kindlepublishingservice/mastery/mt3/MasteryTaskThreeTests.java
 com.amazon.ata.kindlepublishingservice.mastery.mt3.MasteryTaskThreeTests
com/amazon/ata/kindlepublishingservice/dao/CatalogDaoTest.java
 com.amazon.ata.kindlepublishingservice.dao.CatalogDaoTest
com/amazon/ata/kindlepublishingservice/mastery/mt4/MasteryTaskFourSubmitBookForPublishingTests.java
 com.amazon.ata.kindlepublishingservice.mastery.mt4.MasteryTaskFourSubmitBookForPublishingTests
com/amazon/ata/kindlepublishingservice/mastery/mt1/MasteryTaskOneTests.java
 com.amazon.ata.kindlepublishingservice.mastery.mt1.MasteryTaskOneTests
com/amazon/ata/kindlepublishingservice/mastery/mt2/MasteryTaskTwoSubmitBookForPublishingTests.java
 com.amazon.ata.kindlepublishingservice.mastery.mt2.MasteryTaskTwoSubmitBookForPublishingTests
com/amazon/ata/kindlepublishingservice/activity/GetBookActivityTest.java
 com.amazon.ata.kindlepublishingservice.activity.GetBookActivityTest
