com/amazon/ata/kindlepublishingservice/activity/GetBookActivity.java
 com.amazon.ata.kindlepublishingservice.activity.GetBookActivity
com/amazon/ata/kindlepublishingservice/models/response/SubmitBookForPublishingResponse.java
 com.amazon.ata.kindlepublishingservice.models.response.SubmitBookForPublishingResponse
 com.amazon.ata.kindlepublishingservice.models.response.SubmitBookForPublishingResponse$Builder
com/amazon/ata/kindlepublishingservice/dynamodb/models/PublishingStatusItem.java
 com.amazon.ata.kindlepublishingservice.dynamodb.models.PublishingStatusItem
com/amazon/ata/kindlepublishingservice/App.java
 com.amazon.ata.kindlepublishingservice.App
com/amazon/ata/kindlepublishingservice/activity/RemoveBookFromCatalogActivity.java
 com.amazon.ata.kindlepublishingservice.activity.RemoveBookFromCatalogActivity
com/amazon/ata/kindlepublishingservice/converters/CatalogItemConverter.java
 com.amazon.ata.kindlepublishingservice.converters.CatalogItemConverter
com/amazon/ata/kindlepublishingservice/converters/BookPublishRequestConverter.java
 com.amazon.ata.kindlepublishingservice.converters.BookPublishRequestConverter
com/amazon/ata/kindlepublishingservice/clients/RecommendationsServiceClient.java
 com.amazon.ata.kindlepublishingservice.clients.RecommendationsServiceClient
com/amazon/ata/kindlepublishingservice/controllers/Controller.java
 com.amazon.ata.kindlepublishingservice.controllers.Controller
com/amazon/ata/kindlepublishingservice/utils/KindlePublishingUtils.java
 com.amazon.ata.kindlepublishingservice.utils.KindlePublishingUtils
com/amazon/ata/kindlepublishingservice/activity/GetPublishingStatusActivity.java
 com.amazon.ata.kindlepublishingservice.activity.GetPublishingStatusActivity
com/amazon/ata/kindlepublishingservice/models/requests/GetPublishingStatusRequest.java
 com.amazon.ata.kindlepublishingservice.models.requests.GetPublishingStatusRequest
 com.amazon.ata.kindlepublishingservice.models.requests.GetPublishingStatusRequest$Builder
com/amazon/ata/kindlepublishingservice/models/PublishingStatus.java
 com.amazon.ata.kindlepublishingservice.models.PublishingStatus
com/amazon/ata/kindlepublishingservice/publishing/BookPublisher.java
 com.amazon.ata.kindlepublishingservice.publishing.BookPublisher
com/amazon/ata/kindlepublishingservice/publishing/KindleFormattedBook.java
 com.amazon.ata.kindlepublishingservice.publishing.KindleFormattedBook
 com.amazon.ata.kindlepublishingservice.publishing.KindleFormattedBook$Builder
com/amazon/ata/kindlepublishingservice/models/BookRecommendation.java
 com.amazon.ata.kindlepublishingservice.models.BookRecommendation
 com.amazon.ata.kindlepublishingservice.models.BookRecommendation$Builder
com/amazon/ata/kindlepublishingservice/dagger/ATAKindlePublishingServiceManager.java
 com.amazon.ata.kindlepublishingservice.dagger.ATAKindlePublishingServiceManager
com/amazon/ata/kindlepublishingservice/models/response/GetBookResponse.java
 com.amazon.ata.kindlepublishingservice.models.response.GetBookResponse
 com.amazon.ata.kindlepublishingservice.models.response.GetBookResponse$Builder
com/amazon/ata/kindlepublishingservice/models/response/RemoveBookFromCatalogResponse.java
 com.amazon.ata.kindlepublishingservice.models.response.RemoveBookFromCatalogResponse
 com.amazon.ata.kindlepublishingservice.models.response.RemoveBookFromCatalogResponse$Builder
com/amazon/ata/kindlepublishingservice/converters/PublishingItemConverter.java
 com.amazon.ata.kindlepublishingservice.converters.PublishingItemConverter
com/amazon/ata/kindlepublishingservice/enums/PublishingRecordStatus.java
 com.amazon.ata.kindlepublishingservice.enums.PublishingRecordStatus
com/amazon/ata/kindlepublishingservice/publishing/BookPublishRequestManager.java
 com.amazon.ata.kindlepublishingservice.publishing.BookPublishRequestManager
com/amazon/ata/kindlepublishingservice/publishing/BookPublishRequest.java
 com.amazon.ata.kindlepublishingservice.publishing.BookPublishRequest
 com.amazon.ata.kindlepublishingservice.publishing.BookPublishRequest$Builder
com/amazon/ata/kindlepublishingservice/models/requests/RemoveBookFromCatalogRequest.java
 com.amazon.ata.kindlepublishingservice.models.requests.RemoveBookFromCatalogRequest
 com.amazon.ata.kindlepublishingservice.models.requests.RemoveBookFromCatalogRequest$Builder
com/amazon/ata/kindlepublishingservice/models/response/GetPublishingStatusResponse.java
 com.amazon.ata.kindlepublishingservice.models.response.GetPublishingStatusResponse
 com.amazon.ata.kindlepublishingservice.models.response.GetPublishingStatusResponse$Builder
com/amazon/ata/kindlepublishingservice/models/Book.java
 com.amazon.ata.kindlepublishingservice.models.Book
 com.amazon.ata.kindlepublishingservice.models.Book$Builder
com/amazon/ata/kindlepublishingservice/dagger/ClientsModule.java
 com.amazon.ata.kindlepublishingservice.dagger.ClientsModule
com/amazon/ata/kindlepublishingservice/dagger/PublishingModule.java
 com.amazon.ata.kindlepublishingservice.dagger.PublishingModule
com/amazon/ata/kindlepublishingservice/dagger/DataAccessModule.java
 com.amazon.ata.kindlepublishingservice.dagger.DataAccessModule
com/amazon/ata/kindlepublishingservice/dagger/ApplicationComponent.java
 com.amazon.ata.kindlepublishingservice.dagger.ApplicationComponent
com/amazon/ata/kindlepublishingservice/activity/SubmitBookForPublishingActivity.java
 com.amazon.ata.kindlepublishingservice.activity.SubmitBookForPublishingActivity
com/amazon/ata/kindlepublishingservice/dynamodb/models/CatalogItemVersion.java
 com.amazon.ata.kindlepublishingservice.dynamodb.models.CatalogItemVersion
com/amazon/ata/kindlepublishingservice/dao/CatalogDao.java
 com.amazon.ata.kindlepublishingservice.dao.CatalogDao
com/amazon/ata/kindlepublishingservice/exceptions/BookNotFoundException.java
 com.amazon.ata.kindlepublishingservice.exceptions.BookNotFoundException
com/amazon/ata/kindlepublishingservice/exceptions/PublishingStatusNotFoundException.java
 com.amazon.ata.kindlepublishingservice.exceptions.PublishingStatusNotFoundException
com/amazon/ata/kindlepublishingservice/publishing/KindleFormatConverter.java
 com.amazon.ata.kindlepublishingservice.publishing.KindleFormatConverter
com/amazon/ata/kindlepublishingservice/converters/RecommendationsCoralConverter.java
 com.amazon.ata.kindlepublishingservice.converters.RecommendationsCoralConverter
com/amazon/ata/kindlepublishingservice/dao/PublishingStatusDao.java
 com.amazon.ata.kindlepublishingservice.dao.PublishingStatusDao
com/amazon/ata/kindlepublishingservice/models/requests/GetBookRequest.java
 com.amazon.ata.kindlepublishingservice.models.requests.GetBookRequest
 com.amazon.ata.kindlepublishingservice.models.requests.GetBookRequest$Builder
com/amazon/ata/kindlepublishingservice/models/PublishingStatusRecord.java
 com.amazon.ata.kindlepublishingservice.models.PublishingStatusRecord
 com.amazon.ata.kindlepublishingservice.models.PublishingStatusRecord$Builder
com/amazon/ata/kindlepublishingservice/models/requests/SubmitBookForPublishingRequest.java
 com.amazon.ata.kindlepublishingservice.models.requests.SubmitBookForPublishingRequest
 com.amazon.ata.kindlepublishingservice.models.requests.SubmitBookForPublishingRequest$Builder
com/amazon/ata/kindlepublishingservice/publishing/BookPublishTask.java
 com.amazon.ata.kindlepublishingservice.publishing.BookPublishTask
